README.md, before:

# SNORE
Determining if you have sleep apnea and even if you snore at night can be a complicated and intrusive process. This app is designed to mitigate that problem. When used with our custom wireless wearable sensor you can determine if you snore or potentially have sleep apnea in the comfort of your own home. This app also allows you to save your sleep records and revisit them for personal analysis or to show to a medical professional for further diagnosis.

# Screenshots
## Splash Screen
<img src="screenshots/splash.jpg" width="320" height="632">

## Home Page
<img src="screenshots/home.jpg" width="320" height="632">

## Bluetooth Scan Page
<img src="screenshots/scan.jpg" width="320" height="632">

## Sensor Calibration Page
<img src="screenshots/calibrate.jpg" width="320" height="632">

## Sleep Start Page
<img src="screenshots/sleep.jpg" width="320" height="632">

## Results Page
<img src="screenshots/results.jpg" >

## Home Page with Data
<img src="screenshots/home_w_data.jpg" width="320" height="632">

Commit message:

Added Senior Design Report to repo

README.md, after:

# SNORE
Determining if you have sleep apnea and even if you snore at night can be a complicated and intrusive process. This app is designed to mitigate that problem. When used with our custom wireless wearable sensor you can determine if you snore or potentially have sleep apnea in the comfort of your own home. This app also allows you to save your sleep records and revisit them for personal analysis or to show to a medical professional for further diagnosis. For more information check out our [Senior Design Report](Final_Report.docx)!

# Screenshots
## Splash Screen
<img src="screenshots/splash.jpg" width="320" height="632">

## Home Page
<img src="screenshots/home.jpg" width="320" height="632">

## Bluetooth Scan Page
<img src="screenshots/scan.jpg" width="320" height="632">

## Sensor Calibration Page
<img src="screenshots/calibrate.jpg" width="320" height="632">

## Sleep Start Page
<img src="screenshots/sleep.jpg" width="320" height="632">

## Results Page
<img src="screenshots/results.jpg" >

## Home Page with Data
<img src="screenshots/home_w_data.jpg" width="320" height="632">
